OBSDOCS-1974 COO 1.2 release (#94262)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/cluster_observability_operator/cluster-observability-operator-release-notes.adoc

| 1.1+          | 4.18+              | ✔                     | ✔         | ✔                     | ✔          | ✔
|===

[id="cluster-observability-operator-release-notes-1-2_{context}"]
== {coo-full} 1.2

// Back fill advisory when it is created by KOnflux
// The following advisory is available for {coo-full} 1.1.1:
//
// * link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2025:????[RHEA-2025:??? {coo-full} 1.1.1]

[id="cluster-observability-operator-1-2-new-features-enhancements_{context}"]
=== New features and enhancements

* The logging UI plugin now supports the OTEL format, in addition to the previously supported ViaQ scheme. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/COO-816[*COO-816*])

* Accelerators Perses dashboards are deployed by default when you install the dashboard UI plugin. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/COO-942[*COO-942*]) 

> * Multiple results per graph node are now displayed for incident detection. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/COO-785[*COO-785*]) 

Reviewer: This is not for incident detection but but Korrel8r

```suggestion
* Multiple results per graph node are now displayed for Korrel8r. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/COO-785[*COO-785*]) 
```

| 1.1+          | 4.18+              | ✔                     | ✔         | ✔                     | ✔          | ✔
|===

[id="cluster-observability-operator-release-notes-1-2_{context}"]
== {coo-full} 1.2

// Back fill advisory when it is created by KOnflux
// The following advisory is available for {coo-full} 1.1.1:
//

> // * link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2025:????[RHEA-2025:??? {coo-full} 1.1.1]

Reviewer: This should be 1.2.0

Author: I changed the comment in the source but this won't trigger a rebuild

[id="cluster-observability-operator-1-2-new-features-enhancements_{context}"]
=== New features and enhancements

* The logging UI plugin now supports the OTEL format, in addition to the previously supported ViaQ scheme. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/COO-816[*COO-816*])

> * Accelerators Perses dashboards are deployed by default when you install the monitoring UI plugin. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/COO-942[*COO-942*]) 

Reviewer 2: Accelerators Perses dashboards are deployed by default if you enable  Perses when create the monitoring UI plugin.
I suppose better change as the above, please help confirm 
@etmurasaki

Reviewer 3: Hi team, Accelerators Perses dashboards are deployed by default when you install Monitoring UIPlugin, independently of enabling Perses flag. 
It was a discussion and agreement between @jgbernalp and @jan--f with @yevgeny-shnaidman.
We had some fixes during COO release testing to make it works like this.
